So we'll review what our vuex
looks like in a vue instance.
Just so that you see where we started
from and where we're moving towards.
So here from line 1 to 10,
we have our store so
we instantiate the store and
we create this concept of a store.
So in this case, it's a constant.
And then on line 14 is where we pass
that store to our vue instance.
And our vue instance
here is pretty isolated.
Isolated in the sense that
it's only used once and
you can't use it anywhere else because
it's not really reusable in this case.
But we want to move to
a state where our store and
our vue instance don't
live in the same place.
So what does that look like?
Before I show you the code I want to
show you the folder structure just so
you understand where things
live relative to the other.
So when you look at the folder structure,
you have a concept of source.
And the source is where all of the files
that you're actually gonna be changing and
updating live.
And so we have components you have
app.vue file, you have main.js and
then you have this file called store.js.
Within the vue CLI,
this is obviously up to preference.
If you use vue CLI and
you add vuex through vue CLI,
generally what happens is that you get
a store folder instead of a store file.
So it will be store as a folder and
then within store it has an index js file.
So that's what you'll see if you vue CLI.
But again, It's up to you as to how
you want to organize your store.
And as we progress through the day
I'll show you the different ways in
which I use vuex and
my store just for reference.
So the store.js is where
we'll be storing and
adding all the store specific information.
And we obviously,
want to add that to our vue component and
the application as a whole.
If you've used vue before, you might
be familiar that main.js is where
the nuts and bolts of where your
vue is instantiated and created.
So you can pass in plugins you can
pass in all sorts of things to it.
In this case, we're gonna be passing
the store to our main.js file.
So main.js will import the store,
which is created on the left.
It imports that separately as ./store.
And then you're passing
that to your vue instance.
Line 7 to 10 isn't too different
from the CodePen example cuz you
are instantiating vue and
then adding the store.
But it's a bit different because there's a
render context and there's a mount and so
it's sort of single-file
components specific code.
But what I want you to take away from this
is that you can have a store.js file.
And then you can have a main.js file and
those two have to talk to each other in
order for
your entire app to know that vuex exists.
So you're importing vuex
as you see on line 2,
you have to import it and
then you have to use it.